thank you I am two-time Golden Globe
winner Jim Carrey you know when I go to
sleep at night I'm not just a guy going
to sleep
I'm two-time Golden Globe winner Jim
Carrey going to get some well-needed
shut-eye and when I dream I don't just
dream any old dream no sir I dream about
being three-time Golden Globe winning
actor Jim Carrey because then I would be
enough
it would finally be true and I could
stop this is terrible search for what I
know ultimately won't fulfill me but
these are important these awards I don't
want you to think that just because if
you blew up our solar system alone you
wouldn't be able to find us or any of
human history with the naked eye but
from our perspective this is huge
one more time here are the nominees for
Best Motion Picture Best Male
performance goes to Jim Carrey Ace
Ventura the nature pole
and sorry I could not be there with you
tonight
but I am in Alaska trying to reclaim my
soul I am running naked with the caribou
I am wrestling with the grizzly bears
and swimming playfully with the
oil-soaked
otters I'm sure I join the rest of the
nominees when I say that this award to
me is not only an ancient symbol of your
appreciation but it is also a grim
reminder of the deterioration of your
society the dumbing of America as some
of you have so kindly put it oh that
reminds me of a story an ancient tale
about the Raven that spoke to the movie
critic it goes like this
take that with you pass it down you do
not have to understand it early that's a
parable thank you ladies and I ain't
even got to open this Jim Carrey
I'd like to I'd like to thank of Jamie
Foxx and stuff and for introducing me
and I'd like to give a big shout-out to
Britney Spears who's here okay but like
you know leave me alone
Britney cuz like I'm too old for you man
I'm 17 and Wow
let me see I want to I want to just want
to say that I'm really thankful for this
and it's a great honor because because I
believe that young people rule the world
and stuff and and and I've always felt a
really special connection with with
teenagers and everyday and and I'm kind
of like you know kind of like a teenager
you know in certain ways like when I got
my braces and stuff you know I was
really embarrassed and then like all my
friends you know got braces too and then
it was like cool and and then you know
like when I you know whenever there's
something like you know really really
important happening I get really nervous
and like I I totally break out and stuff
you know you should see my back
I shouldn't have touched it you know but
like you know but that's okay because I
saw in the snake backstage and they
totally broke out too you know in fact
they have a new breakout album and stuff
but but like you know I'm really happy
to be here and it's it's really great
and oh ouch
well that one hurts well that's ready to
go
no I'm sensing some seismic activity on
this one yeah I better get out of here
before I go totally a Mount st. Helens
man okay thank you very much
good evening ladies and gentlemen I'm
here tonight to present the Academy
Award for outstanding achievement in
film editing that's all I'm here to do
I have nothing else to worry about
I could just show up and enjoy the
parties
I'm sorry I didn't expect that to happen
winning the Oscar is not the most
important thing in the world it's an
honor just to be now oh gosh
uh-oh it's my own fault I screwed it out
about a month ago I would have thought
that voting for myself was gonna make
the difference you know but you really
got to get out there and talk to people
anyway who cares I have been bitten by a
river dominated jump into the ocean
a good film editor is vital to the art
of filmmaking
they are unsung heroes in our business
rearranging and matching the images we
see on screen agonizing over the
infinite possibilities without their
talents and tenacity the story could
never be told and they deserve our
recognition our respect and our true
gratitude
this is where fashion began
we regularly modeled by Adam in the
garden his fig leaf and forbidden fruit
ensemble dares to say banish me for I
have eaten from the tree of knowledge
the group I'm here to introduce weren't
there in the Garden of Eden but they
wrote a cool song about somebody who
loves
they should be ashamed of themselves
especially Keith but they're not and
that is why we envy them so ladies and
gentlemen Rolling Stone
and the winner is Jim Carrey
whoa thank you
will one word two syllables breath
assure okay I had a lot of time to think
of that it's not fair
first of all I would like to thank Will
and the rest of the nominees in this
category they are unbelievable talents
and want what I've got so bad they can
taste it I like to thank my management
team who are wonderful the best at what
they do in every category and should
thank their lucky stars they ever met me
it's not what I meant to say it's the
truth I would like to thank the fans who
have always supported my comedies but
don't quite know what to think of me and
drama and lastly I would like to thank
MTV especially the producer of this show
who obviously had a real brainchild you
know sat and thought wow I can get a lot
of commercial coverage sell a lot of
time if I could get a bunch of
celebrities together in a room I know
I'll give them an award and if they
don't show up
people will think they're ungrateful
I really am grateful for this it's a
tremendous honor and business it's
really no it's mostly an honor business
it's a business in an honor but I'm
grateful I am grateful thank you very
much and the winner is Jim Carrey in The
Truman Show
let it brew let it blow
you know after this year's so-called
Oscar race
I realize that dancer for the man just
ain't where it's at and I decided right
then and there that no matter what they
tried to take away from me I was gonna
be who I really am
so I want to thank a couple of people
like to accept this award on behalf of
my new biker friends I'd like to thank
MTV for throwing this little shindig
giving us an excuse to party one more
time
I got a little bone to pick with the
programming Department you know I like
rap music as much as the nice frightened
Caucasian
but you know what it'd kill you every
once in a while to play a little Foghat
last but definitely most important to me
I'd like to thank all the ladies
we're dressing up so pretty
for some fine-looking seeing this room
tonight
you're all going in my fantasy file I'll
tell you that I don't care who your
daddies are
hey is that chick from the Ricky Martin
video gonna be at the party I don't know
who she is man but I mean to find out
in sunday rain the snow let it flow baby
up next Jennifer Lopez Keanu Reeves and
the award for best movie I'm telling you
with a y2k thing hits whole place is
gonna go smash